Nice opinion. Just one, tiny problem with it: inspecting your thought, it looks like your opinion is different from mine. Let me tell you something: I am the baseline for opinions. Any opinion I hold is objectively correct, and, as a result, any other opinions are wrong. Guess what? You happen to hold the wrong one. I hope you know now that your opinion is illegal. I have contacted the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, the Navy Seals, Secret Service, and you're Mom. You'll be sorry you ever shared your opinions. By the time you're reading this, you'll be done for. Nature will punish you. Humanity will punish you. Supernatural beings will punish you. Space will punish you. We decide, just to make sure, we'll nuke your house from orbit, so there's no chance you'll run away. Everyone will know you will die. It's a small price to pay to remove your wrong opinion from this world.





Anyway, the sub-mod was made mostly out of curiosity and practice/learning and experimenting what's being a published content creator looked like. And then, it was made to cater to people that enjoy semi-realism albeit mixed with some historical elements, asymmetrical balance, and minor details done with autistic level of attention. If you are one of those retards that always whine about "muh competitive balance" and keep hating on modders, then go suck your own dick or make your own mod where the campaign is about you trying to go to North Korea to suck Kim's dick only for yourself to be thrown and blown to pieces by an AA gun. To the fucking jackasses who had been hating me on Discord previously if you guys ever read this -- fuck you, you don't need to play my sub-mod if you keep being salty on it. Take a fucking chill pill and go play something else.

I hope you still have some respect on modders that work their asses to make shits for this game. WHether you like their ideas or not, if you have any resent, don't throw  it at straight their fucking faces, keep it away from their sight. Or learn how to fucking mod on your own, like I did. But I doubt if most retards can even make a successful working content or even have the appropriate brain cells for that shit.

-------------------------

If you as a reader are not one of those toxic or retarded MOWAS2 players, then congratz, i'm actually a chill, multi-purpose person as long you don't get on my nerves. Enjoy what MOWAS2 modding community can grant you. And remember, being a racist or extremely political ideological won't get you nowhere, nor caring so much about "realism" in a video game or having your "milsim" personality takes over you. Don't be that kind of fag, even not a few proper active service armed force personnel dislike that shit. Communism, fascism, extreme left or right, both are fucked. In the end what matters is you as an individual, a personality, and being a sensible human being, regardless of who or what you side with. There was one fag who complained on Waffen-SS exisitng as a faction in RobZ and that they should be removed. Seriously, might as well remove the Soviets because they did nasty shits, and so on with the British because they colonialized many parts of the world, Japan for their extensive crimes against humanity, and America because they did shady shits too. Every side did bad shits, some may more than others, but it's foolish to act like that one commie fag as we gotta remember history. Don't be a white knight either, caring so much about the "moral high ground" only makes you an asshole. Crazy feminists and SJWs are cancer, but doesn't mean you should go hating on the entirity of LGBT+ community or thinking women are all improper spoiled bitches who are only good for household shits. Most things depend on circumstances and perspectives, isn't it? Either way, I have only the slightest faith in the MoW community aside from very specific few individuals.

Still reading? Oh, okay, whether you catch my drift or not, just move along, I guess and try not to be a fag. Arigatou Gozaimasu!

- Alice/Asada556, main developer of Emergence sub-mod -